# VR-Scene-Building
## <sub> CS42: Darren Garnett, Toby Thaung, Morel Kopcho, Jack Tang <br> Project Partner: Dr. Joseph Louis </sub>
### <sub> Contact: <br> 1. Darren Garnett: darrengarnett.20@gmail.com <br> 2. Tun Aung Thaung: tobythaung@gmail.com <br> 3. Jack Tang: jacktang403@gmail.com <br> 4. Morel Kopcho: mkopcho12521@gmail.com <br> </sub>
## Purpose: <br> <sub> The program takes user input as a text file, which contains functions and references similar to program files. This file is parsed into instructions to be executed at their designated times. While the text file is being processed, the program looks for keywords that specify things like the function name, reference object, and properties. <br> <br> </sub> What problem does it solve for various audiences? <br> <br> <sub> This project will help software developers create 3D scenes faster and with much less effort than placing and setting everything up manually. It is targeted to aid engineers or people who want to understand concepts in construction and civil engineering related fields, as the program will be able to generate interactive animations that demonstrate construction operations and processes.<br> <br> </sub> Why is the project/product better than the competition? <br> <br> <sub> Vita2D is a comparable software that is limited to 2D animations, restricting its complexity and level of detail. Our project will provide the means to accomplish more in comparable time, as well as allow for multi-platform viewing. <br> <br> </sub> Where can I find help? Where's the documentation? <br> <br> <sub> Follow the manual below for details and steps: [Users Manual Draft 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1__ND8W5PFaQ7Y8CMlmDGS7Sf31h6B3w23debQsZ9jeU/edit?usp=sharing).<br> <br> </sub> Where/how can I download/run/use what's being offered? <br> <br> <sub> Download the repo then run the program by opening the downloaded project in the unity editor <br> <br> </sub>





